---
title: Release notes for 4026
---

# Release notes for v4026

## Update of the IsVM method
The method has been updated to support additional virtualization environments.

## API errors

In the previous release, we updated error handling so that if an authentication error (i.e. "Unable to authenticate") was returned, a BasicResult object would still be returned. Previously, this was null. However, if there was an error connecting to the internet, null would still be returned. This update makes sure that a BasicResult object is always returned.

> [!NOTE]
> Our recommendation is to use [Helpers.IsSuccessful](https://help.cryptolens.io/api/dotnet/api/SKM.V3.Methods.Helpers.html#SKM_V3_Methods_Helpers_IsSuccessful_SKM_V3_Models_BasicResult_) on the result object of an API method.

## IsWindows flag added in Helpers
In some Windows environments (e.g. when developing Excel addins), it might not be feasible to call Helpers.GetMachineCode on .NET Framework 4.6. The reason for this is the call we make to `System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.IsOSPlatform`. To fix this, we have added a boolean flag in `Helpers` class. Before calling `Helpers.GetMachineCode` or `Helpers.IsOnRightMachine`, please set `Helpers.WindowsOnly=True`.

```cs
Helpers.WindowsOnly = true;
var machineCode = Helpers.GetMachineCode();
```

## KeepAlive builds
In some cases, app stores may require to not call `WebClient` with the default settings (i.e. when KeepAlive=True). To turn off KeepAlive, you can add `HelperMethods.KeepAlive=False` before a call to an API method. If the problem would still persist, it is also possible to build the library without any calls to the default `WebClient` class. More information on how this can be done is summarized [here](https://github.com/Cryptolens/cryptolens-dotnet#turn-off-keepalive)